SQL-956: Add setup instructions to README (#11)
mongodb/mongo-odbc-driver: README.md

please see the
[mongodb/mongo-bi-connector-odbc-driver](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-bi-connector-odbc-driver)
repository.

## Set up the ODBC driver
1. If you are not on a Windows machine, install the [unixODBC](http://www.unixodbc.org/) driver manager. Windows users can utilize the built-in driver manager.

> 2. Update the values of `Driver`, `Pwd`, `Server`, `User`, and `Database` in `setup/setupDSN.reg`. The value of `Driver` should be the absolute path of `mongo-odbc-driver/target/debug/mongoodbc.dll`.

Author: I wasn't able to set it up on my mac, so I'll just remove this part!

> 3. Open the registry editor and add a new key under `ODBC/ODBCINST.INI` called `ADL_ODBC`. Then, add two sub-entries to `ADL_ODBC`:

Author: Updated

    ````
    Driver: <path to dll>
    Setup: <path to dll>
   ````

> 4. Run `reg import "setup/setupDSN.reg"` to populate the registry editor with the correct subkeys, entries, and values. You can run `reg query "HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\ODBC\ODBCINST.INI\ADL_ODBC_DRIVER"` to determine if the command ran successfully.

Reviewer: The reg query command and using ODBC Admin are both validation steps. Do you want to put them in the same section?

> There should be a new entry called `ADL_TEST` under `ODBC/ODBC.INI`. If you are on Windows, open the Microsoft ODBC Administrator (64-bit) and verify that "ADL_ODBC_DRIVER" appears under "System DSN".

Author: Done!

please see the
[mongodb/mongo-bi-connector-odbc-driver](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-bi-connector-odbc-driver)
repository.

## Set up the ODBC driver on Windows
Note: users can utilize the built-in driver manager.
1. Update the values of `Driver`, `Pwd`, `Server`, `User`, and `Database` in `setup/setupDSN.reg`. The value of `Driver` should be the absolute path of `mongoodbc.dll`. This file should be located in either the `mongo-odbc-driver/target/debug` directory or in the release directory.

> 2. For 32-bit architectures, use the file path `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Wow6432Node\SOFTWARE` instead of `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE` in `setupDSN.reg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. For 32-bit architectures, update the file path to `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Wow6432Node\SOFTWARE` instead of `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE` in `setupDSN.reg`.
```

repository.

## Set up the ODBC driver on Windows (architecture-agnostic)
Note: users can utilize the built-in driver manager.

> 1. Update the values of `Driver`, `Pwd`, `Server`, `User`, and `Database` in `setup/setupDSN.reg`. The value of `Driver` should be the absolute path of `mongo-odbc-driver/target/debug/mongoodbc.dll`.

Reviewer: The lib can be built as debug or release.
Maybe just say :
The absolute path of the `mongoodbc.dll` library. If you just built it, check in your `mongo-odbc-driver/target/` debug or release directories.

2. Run `reg import "setup/setupDSN.reg"` in order to populate the registry editor with the new entries. Alternatively, simply double click on the `setupDSN.reg` file.

## Validate setup
### 64-bit
Run `reg query "HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\ODBC\ODBCINST.INI\ODBC Drivers"` to verify that `ADL_ODBC_DRIVER` has been installed successfully.

There should be a new entry called `ADL_TEST` under `ODBC/ODBC.INI` with the following subentries:

	````
	database: <database name>
	pwd: <password>
	server: <server>
	user: <user>
	````

Run `reg query "HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\ODBC\ODBCINST.INI\ADL_ODBC_DRIVER"` to determine if the registry editor was updated successfully. There should also be a new entry called `ADL_ODBC` under `ODBC/ODBCINST.INI` with the following subentries:

    ````
    Driver: <path to dll>
    Setup: <path to dll>
   ````

Open the Microsoft ODBC Administrator (64-bit) and verify that "ADL_ODBC_DRIVER" appears under "System DSN".

### 32-bit

> Follow the validation steps listed in the 64-bit section, but make sure to use the 32-bit Microsoft ODBC Administrator. Further modifications: the registry keys should be listed under `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Wow6432Node\ODBC` instead of `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\ODBC`, and the dll path must point to the 32-bit version of the driver.

Reviewer: You need to explain that the setup script has to be updated, changing `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE` to `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Wow6432Node\SOFTWARE` otherwise, this will just overwrite the existing registry entries.

Author: Added this point to the "set up driver" section
